=No Pain No Gain=
(Adapted from the Qidian novel)
("Losing Money to Be a Tycoon"
by Qingshan Quzui)
=Episode 19=
(This story is purely fictional)
If they work for a company
like that for a long time,
they'll start to doubt
whether or not they deserve
to have a normal working environment,
a normal working pace,
and a normal life after work.
So
we have to help them
get over that mental barrier.
But how?
She just wanted to see
if we were working overtime at home.
That's what bosses love
to check on, right?
Yeah.
I didn't play the footage
to scare you.
I just hope you'll be honest with me.
I know you were pretending
to work overtime,
but that was unnecessary.
The environment at Sky Fire
made you feel insecure.
But don't worry.
Rat race, office politics,
or emotional burnout
won't happen at Tengda.
As for
Zhou Muyan and Zhao Xuming,
Mr. Pei has prepared a special plan
for them.
They're about to experience
how Sky Fire's employees used to feel.
Hold on.
Clock in, please.
Wei,
you just popped up out of nowhere.
Clock in?
Your company doesn't do clock-ins.
Special order from Mr. Pei.
Both of you must clock in.
Because
the system
only records your fingerprints.
8:01 AM. You're late.
Come earlier tomorrow.
Alright, go ahead.
I'm going back to rest.
I've been waiting since last night.
What?
Where is everyone?
(Late Departure)
Where's your badge?
Mr. Pei says
both of you
must wear your badges
during work hours.
Wei,
does Tengda even have badges?
Are you guys actually targeting us?
Even if we don't have them,
does that mean
you don't want to wear one?
Mr. Zhou.
What again?
Mr. Pei says we can't use the restroom
for more than ten minutes.
You have ten seconds left.
Wei is timing us outside.
Hurry up.
What kind of idiot came up
with this rule?
How could anyone finish in ten minutes?
You came up with this idea.
You!
I can't afford another pay cut.
Mr. Zhou.
I'm sorry.
I have to go now.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Alright.
Good work.
Do people move more slowly
when they get older?
Don't push.
Off work.
Enough.
My bag.
Where are we eating tonight?
I heard nameless private kitchen
has unlimited free food.
He can't go, can he?
Zhou,
reply to my messages
within ten minutes,
or I'll dock your pay.
Zhou,
no phones during work hours,
or I'll dock your pay.
Don't push.
I...
Stop pushing me. My phone...
Hang in there.
Say, Zhou,
I installed
a surveillance camera
just for you.
Make sure you do your job properly.
If I catch you slacking off,
I'll dock your pay.
Also,
submit your daily work log.
Miss it, and I'll dock your pay.
Tomorrow,
prepare a presentation on
why Eternal Reincarnation failed.
Remember to use plain language.
That's all I can think of for now.
I'll let you know if I think of more.
- Off work!
Everyone,
in response to
the company's strategic needs,
we're going to discuss Sky Fire,
which is my previous company.
Mr. Zhou.
I'll briefly share
my experience
with Eternal Reincarnation.
Many people see it
as a failure.
But I think
most of you
never really understood
this game.
Mr. Zhou.
What do strategic needs mean?
And what do you mean by
"never really understood this game"?
Weren't you supposed
to analyze what went wrong?
Just tell the truth.
- Yeah. Exactly.
- Yes.
Just be honest.
Right.
You want the truth?
Yes.
Eternal Reincarnation failed
entirely because
Pei Qian acted unethically.
He infiltrated Sky Fire
and stole our trade secrets.
On top of that,
he tricked us into following
his marketing strategy.
And in the end,
my Sky Fire
was destroyed.
If it weren't for his conspiracy,
Sky Fire
wouldn't have lost that much money.
So
Sky Fire didn't fail
because of our bad decisions.
We lost because of
malicious,
unethical competition.
It's utterly despicable
and shameless.
Zhou.
You're getting too emotional.
Why are you
still blaming others
for your own failure?
- Exactly.
- That's right.
Step back and look at it.
Sky Fire blatantly copied
Tengda's
Returning to Shore,
but failed to adapt it properly.
That's why it failed.
Everyone here witnessed that.
- Right.
- He's right.
I can testify for Mr. Pei.
He didn't steal any trade secrets.
You know that yourself, Mr. Zhou.
You never let us talk to him.
Right.
Exactly.
Mr. Zhou,
we never dared
to speak honestly to you.
But as matters stand,
how can you drag Mr. Pei into this?
We copied the game badly
and even threw away the best part.
Am I right?
Yes.
She's right.
Tengda's Returning to Shore
revived gamers' love
for classical poetry
and traditional culture.
But we never
grasped its spirit.
Throwing money at it didn't help.
Tell me about it.
We should reflect on ourselves instead.
Yeah. Well said.
Mr. Zhou,
I believe you understand now, right?
Sky Fire failed
because all you cared about
was micromanaging your subordinates
and sucking up to your superiors.
Your focus was never on the games.
You don't love making games.
You love
being in charge.
- That's right.
- Yes!
So it was bound to fail.
What are you guys doing?
This is humiliating.
Since when do you get
to criticize us?
Do you really think
you're part of Tengda
just because you joined?
Tengda. You can't
even get the pinyin right.
I noticed it the moment I got here.
What kind of management is this?
Mr. Zhou,
let's quit.
No way we can't land a job.
Let's go.
Come on.
Xuming!
Why are they leaving?
Wait.
Leave now, and don't ever come back.
Mr. Pei knew
Zhou Muyan only stayed
for the huge payout.
Now that Zhao Xuming lost his temper,
the plan fell through.
I know, right?
Don't worry.
Once you join Tengda,
you're part of us.
- Great!
After Zhao Xuming made a scene,
Zhou Muyan ended up
resigning voluntarily.
He didn't get his full compensation.
Mr. Pei,
how does revenge feel?
I thought it would feel great,
but now that it's done,
it's kind of meaningless.
So what if Zhou Muyan is gone?
There are thousands more like him
out there.
What about you,
Mr. Pei?
Are you going to keep going like this?
I knew
you didn't call me here
just to discuss Zhou Muyan.
You know, the way I'm living now
doesn't violate my agreement
with Mr. Sima.
Alright, enough talk.
I'm going back to work.
Mr. Pei.
The Sky Fire acquisition project
has reached its cycle end.
You need to sign the settlement sheet.
Mr. Pei, don't you want to
take a closer look?
You may find a surprise.
Fine.
Let me see how much money I made.
Sky Fire acquisition
ran at a loss?
After all, other Tengda projects
are making a profit
under your leadership,
so the loss isn't huge.
But it's still a loss.
Your bonus from the loss portion
has been transferred.
So you're saying
that if I acquire a few more companies
like Sky Fire,
could I turn profits
into losses?
According to
Clause 126, Chapter 5 of the agreement,
it would count
as a malicious acquisition.
Stop. Say no more.
I knew breaking my promise
wouldn't end well.
I'm going.
Ma Yang,
I've paid back the money you lent me.
Thank you.
The loss isn't big,
but it's still a small hit.
Your appeal has been approved.
Your designated driver account
has been reinstated.
Good things come in pairs.
Why am I suddenly not used to this?
Why does it feel kind of cold?
Are you confident about
the Divine Mountains and Seas?
- Yes!
Among Tengda games,
it's the largest in scale.
I plan
to subcontract part of the production
to Late Departure.
That way,
everyone won't feel too much pressure.
Pressure? What pressure?
There's no pressure at all.
Yeah. We're doing everything
during work hours.
No pressure at all.
Liang,
you're different from
when you first joined us.
You've got a lot of drive now.
When have I ever not?
It's just now I'm working on
something I actually like.
A rare genius programmer
like me doesn't even need overtime.
Just a little effort
and the results are great.
You have no shame, huh?
That's what makes
Mr. Pei different from everyone else.
He's way too different.
Yeah.
Way too different.
A toast to Mr. Pei.
To Mr. Pei.
Come on.
Come.
To Mr. Pei.
Cheers.
(Drop your worries,
make life a little sweeter)
Your turn.
You spaced out.
Hailu,
you're very capable at work,
but lately,
you've been distracted.
The last time I played checkers
was in sixth grade.
I know
what you're thinking.
"Why am I playing checkers
with an old man?
That's childish and hilarious."
Don't underestimate checkers.
You think it's simple,
but the simpler a game is,
the longer it lasts through time.
What are your next plans for Tengda?
Your turn.
You said you saw
something different in him
that the rest of us didn't.
But look at Pei Qian now.
He just wants to make 5,000 a month,
drives as a designated driver,
and even works as a janitor.
He's completely given up.
He has no ambition at all.
Look,
as long as there are pieces
on the board,
I can use
my piece
or your piece
to jump over and move one step forward.
Every piece is the same.
No piece is above another.
I don't understand.
At this point,
what's the point of continuing?
Do you
really think
Pei Qian can become the person
you once were?
No rush.
You see,
once you've built enough bridges,
sooner or later, you'll reach your goal.
Eventually,
you won't be able to stop yourself.
And,
by the end,
it won't be you playing
the game anymore.
The game will be playing you.
When Jinghong was founded,
all of us thought
we could keep going forever.
But the further we went,
the more we realized
nothing was in our control.
After all these years
dealing with capital,
I've only learned one thing.
Once the game begins,
you can't stop.
You have to keep playing,
no matter what.
(Fingle)
Eric,
please rest assured.
Fingle gave Zhao Xuming and me
a second chance
when I was at my lowest.
I won't let down your trust
or your expectations.
Let's not talk about
the past.
My dad has known you for years.
He's always thought highly of you.
In the past, Fingle
mainly handled overseas game publishing.
Now that my dad has retired,
I've taken over the company.
I'm going to lead Fingle
through a transformation.
Infinite Imagination
is our first self-developed game.
I need your help.
I'm honored.
As far as I know,
Tengda is working on
The Divine Mountains and Seas.
It overlaps in genre
with Infinite Imagination.
Based on the development timeline,
our games will most likely launch
around the same time.
But I'm confident
that when the time comes,
Fingle will absolutely
wipe the floor with Tengda.
(CEO)
Well,
I'm not concerned about
whether we can beat Tengda.
What matters more
is simply making a good game.
(The Divine Mountains and Seas)
(Tengda Games)
- Bo!
- You're back.
- You're back!
Yeah. Today's the closed beta test.
I had to be here
on an important day like this.
- Welcome back, Bo.
- Welcome back.
Thank you.
Roll-up banner.
Put it over here.
Okay.
I'll leave this here.
Bo, you're back.
The Divine Mountains and Seas.
Nice.
Mr. Huang, you're back.
Wei.
Slow down.
I haven't seen you at the office
in ages.
Yeah, I was revising the script.
But today's the official test
for The Divine Mountains and Seas.
I had to come back.
Exactly.
I even took a day off.
You know, this might be the only day off
I'll get in my entire life.
That's rough.
Well, no. Need a hand?
No. We've got enough people.
Yes. Move it further out.
Bo.
Ms. Lin,
congratulations.
You're here, Huang.
Not revising scripts today?
Let's not talk about that
on a happy day like this.
Hold on.
I'm waiting for your title page.
Director Zhuang,
you call that a title page?
I've written 56 drafts.
It's practically a different story now.
And let me tell you this,
today is a big day for Tengda.
No one should bother me today.
Today's also a big day for Huang.
He says no to people now.
This is the test build?
Yeah.
This chubby guy is agile.
Huang,
the combat system is amazing, too.
Even Bao's computer
might not be able to run this.
It definitely can't.
Is that the Guardian of Justice?
He's throwing coins again?
That's cool.
This is how he throws money?
Yeah. There are tons of ways for him
to throw money.
He's throwing money.
Pretty awesome, right?
Ms. Lin, that's impressive.
I want to play, too.
Come on.
Let's go.
Gaming area.
Lv, use your skills.
Slash him!
You two, step back.
The damage can't even
compare to mine alone.
You guys are going so hard.
The thrill of combat is maxed out.
Wei, you can catch fireflies
in this area.
Come over.
I'll pass.
I'm hatching dragon eggs.
This one might be twin baby dragons.
I see.
So chill.
A casual mode, huh?
Lin Wan,
the glacier dungeon
is so fun.
And it feels
kind of 4D.
My neck feels chilly.
Mine too.
Feels like a monster is staring at me.
Have you heard of this quote?
"When you look long into an abyss,
the abyss looks into you."
Mr. Pei...
Mr. Pei.
You said
you wouldn't care
whether we work overtime or not.
Mr. Pei,
The Divine Mountains and Seas
is just too fun,
and we got carried away.
Mr. Pei,
Lv got hooked.
You know, right?
We tried to stop him
but couldn't.
I wasn't the one
who started the overtime.
Punish him.
Make him go on a trip or something.
Mr. Pei,
I asked them to playtest the game.
We just
lost track of time playing.
Can you say something?
Everyone's really nervous.
Why are you all so nervous?
I just don't know what to say.
The Divine Mountains and Seas
is great.
Great job.
What was he wearing just now?
I've been wondering.
What exactly have I been doing
the whole time?
Why has Tengda become this good?
Am I actually succeeding
or failing?
At the rate,
The Divine Mountains and Seas
will be a huge success.
And you
will fail completely.
Think carefully.
If you don't stop them from launching,
Tengda
and you
may never get a chance
to turn things around.
Mr. Pei.
Today, you'll get to try
the cooking skills I picked up
while studying abroad.
What made you suddenly want
to treat me to a meal?
Without your support,
the game wouldn't have gone
this smoothly.
I wanted to thank you.
You don't have to thank me.
You guys are just that good.
No, I have to.
Your recognition
means a lot to me and to all of us.
Actually, I've noticed
you never seemed very happy
when past projects succeeded.
Maybe
we're easier to satisfy,
and you're aiming for something more.
But this time,
I can tell
you're genuinely happy about
The Divine Mountains and Seas.
This game
means something special
to me.
I hope
it can move people.
Before,
Tengda's games always won
in unexpected ways.
But this time,
it feels like
the first time
we seriously made
a large-scale MMORPG.
It's different.
Lin Wan.
Do you know
why I was never happy
when our previous projects succeeded?
Sorry?
I mean...
I never told you guys.
What I've always wanted to do
is...
You don't have to say it. We know.
You once said,
if you want to move more players,
you first have to move yourself
and the people around you.
You can't just think about profit.
This time,
all of us put in
our most genuine feelings.
Everyone says
it reminded them of
why they loved this job
in the first place.
Mr. Pei.
I've always wanted to
thank you properly.
We're able to work
without so many concerns
because you're here.
Thank you.
Don't worry.
No matter what happens,
I'll stay with you all
and make sure The Divine Mountains
and Seas launches smoothly.
Let me cut you a piece of steak.
Try it.
It's really good.
What are you laughing at?
Stop knocking.
Why are you banging
on the door so early?
Who is it?
Don't break my door.
Alright, alright.
Qian!
What is this?
That's my room.
No one's in there.
Qian!
Where are you going? Gosh.
- Qian!
- Stop looking.
He's not at my place.
See?
Tell me.
Where did you hide Qian?
My place is tiny.
Where could I hide him?
Even if I really hid him,
would I lie to you about it?
I already told you he's not here.
Then where could he be?
Something must have happened.
Keep trying.
Hello, we're the police.
Did you see
Pei Qian last night?
What happened?
Who is it?
Why are they together?
What's going on?
Young man,
we meet again.
(Tengda Games)
Here's what happened.
Last night, Lin Wan and I
were talking about work,
and I drank too much.
I've been tired lately,
so I
fell asleep on the couch.
Lin Wan was kind.
She...
She didn't wake me up.
She even prepared a new toothbrush
for me this morning.
- We understand, Mr. Pei.
You've really misunderstood.
Nothing happened between us at all.
- We understand, Lin Wan.
(One Month Later)
Ladies and gentlemen,
to celebrate
the official launch
of The Divine Mountains and Seas,
M&Y Internet Cafe
(The Divine Mountains and Seas)
has specially provided a venue
for Tengda staff
to gather and play together.
Everyone, eat and drink to your fill.
Have fun!
Where's the applause?
- Great!
(The Divine Mountains and Seas)
(Heaven and earth
are ravaged by calamity,)
(and the gods have fallen.)
(Upon this eternal land,)
(light and darkness)
(will begin a final showdown.)
(Wanderers who roam the world)
(will protect
the Divine Mountains and Seas)
(in mortal form.)
(The Divine Mountains and Seas)
Come on.
Drinks and snacks for you guys.
You can eat while you play.
Thanks.
Over there, too.
Let me know if you want something.
Alright. Thank you.
Sure. Thank you.
Chief planner.
Thank you.
You've worked hard.
This game is awesome.
Thank you.
Have some.
Okay.
That's not fair.
No, no.
(Fingle International)
(Infinite Imagination.)
(Endless battlefields.)
(Warriors, take the lead!)
(Infinite Imagination)
I hereby announce that
Infinite Imagination
is officially
launched!
Excellent!
The Guardian of Justice's ultimate skill
is powerful indeed.
It boosts resistance, speed, and HP,
and automatically triggers
the coin-throwing skill.
Awesome.
I've got a question though.
Why does the horse
my character is riding
look so familiar?
That's no ordinary horse.
That's a short-legged horse.
Its face is longer
than a regular horse's.
Short-legged horse?
(The Divine Mountains and Seas
is a trash game.)
(180 quests in the newbie village.)
(I still don't know what I'm doing.)
(Did Tengda get carried away)
(after a few hits?)
(They thought their every game
would be a smash hit?)
(All that hype before launch,)
(but it just turns out
to be nothing special.)
(The Divine Mountains and Seas suck.)
(Not even close
to Infinite Imagination.)
(Game Category Rankings)
(Infinite Imagination,
The Divine Mountains and Seas)
The current situation
doesn't look good.
There's a huge wave of hate
against us online.
(Infinite Imagination
is the best domestic game)
(MMORPG Game.)
(The Divine Mountains and Seas)
(is boring.)
Fingle used to focus on publishing
overseas games,
but they've also been trying
to develop their own.
There were rumors that
they planned to make
an MMORPG.
So the genre clash was a coincidence.
But do you know
what an even bigger coincidence is?
I know.
Both The Divine Mountains and Seas
and Infinite Imagination
have four characters in their title.
No?
Zhou Muyan is now
the main person in charge
of Infinite Imagination.
Zhou Muyan?
No wonder these hate comments
feel so familiar.
Look at this.
(The Divine Mountains and Seas
plagiarizes Infinite Imagination)
Why is there a trending
topic saying we copied them?
That's ridiculous.
The Divine Mountains and Seas
were planned from the start by Lin Wan.
Exactly.
Yeah.
It just launched, and already so many
accounts are accusing us of plagiarism.
This was clearly premeditated.
(Today's viral scoop
is about a startup company)
(that's been getting a lot of attention
in recent years.)
(The "Da" company)
(released a new game,)
(The Divine Mountains and Seas,
with high expectations,)
(supposedly benchmarking
Fingle Group's hit title)
(Infinite Imagination.)
(Unfortunately, it got mocked
as soon as it launched.)
(They popped the champagne too early.)
(Not only is its market performance
underwhelming,)
(but according to insiders,)
(one of its lead planners was)
(a core member of Sky Fire.)
(He was poached by the "Da" company.)
(And there's an even bigger figure.)
(The daughter of
a major real estate company, some Hua.)
(Rumor has it)
(her abilities are average,)
(but her background is powerful.)
(Looks like)
(this "Da" company isn't that serious
about making games.)
(There's barely any visible marketing.)
(Who knows where the money went?)
Even though no names
were mentioned,
anyone in the industry
can connect the dots.
It's obvious
they're talking about Wei and me.
These kinds of rumors
are exactly what people love.
It went viral instantly.
Wait.
That Sky Fire's
core member mentioned earlier was me?
Wasn't I the one eliminated
at the bottom of the rankings?
This is unfair to me.
It's okay, Wei.
It's okay, Lin Wan.
This video was obviously
made by someone Zhou Muyan hired
to smear us.
I'm going to Fingle right now
to beat him up.
Scoundrel!
For crying out loud!
I swear I'll mess Zhou Muyan up.
Alright, calm down.
I must punch him now.
(Looks like)
(this "Da" company isn't that serious
about making games.)
(There's barely any visible marketing.)
(Who knows where the money went?)
♪The rain has stopped,
and the sky finally clears♪
♪Yet water still drips from the eaves♪
♪The sun rises,
and dark clouds all disperse♪
♪But why won't my heart dry out?♪
♪Evening glow washes over
unspoken monologues♪
♪Old photos dusted
with a layer of white♪
♪The future we promised♪
♪Was never unwrapped after all♪
♪This wind blows and blows♪
♪Blows but cannot dispel the haze
in my heart♪
♪Longing is rain-soaked kindling♪
♪Like patches of damp moss♪
♪It won't ignite a shred of warmth♪
♪Time spins and spins♪
♪Yet cannot turn back that warmth♪
♪Memories are patches of light
not yet dimmed♪
♪Right and wrong drift into
the evening breeze♪
♪I want to ask, but all questions are♪
♪Blown away by this wind♪
♪Blows but cannot dispel the haze
in my heart♪
♪Longing is rain-soaked kindling♪
♪Like wet moss, clump after clump♪
♪It won't ignite a shred of warmth♪
♪This heavy rain falls, falls, falls♪
♪But it won't wash away
the lingering regret♪
♪We were predestined scenes in a script♪
♪Pushed aside,
with no room to advance or retreat♪
♪Sinking into the boundless sea
of people♪
♪No longer connected♪